>> Zac Gordon: That completes the loop for
this and
from here on out it's pretty easy.
I'm gonna jump ahead to the very end and
just walk through the extra
code that you'll see there.
We have a delete function which is
running Axios with a method of delete.
It's passing in the URL to a specific id,
it's giving in our JSON format and token.
And then after our response we're gonna
load a message that says deleted and
reload posts.
So that's delete, pretty straight forward.
And we also have, rather than
doing a separate update post and
a save post, because technically you
could use the same method in Axios.
No, no, we could do different ones, but
save could be and
probably should be maybe its own class.
And then update could be a separate one.
But just like we did before, I'm gonna
run a conditional and check to see, hey,
is something available on the page?
Is a certain thing set?
And if it is,
I know it's on a single page.
If not, I know it's a listing.
But when we update,
notice that instead of setting the method
to post, we're setting it to put.
And put is a different method
that will allow us to update it.
Again, we have to say what
specific post we wanna update.
Pass it the updated the data and
only this data will be updated.
So let's say that we had a category or
an exert, it won't override those.
And so if all we wanted to do was let's
say we only wanted to update the title,
then content would not be
overridden with our put request.
And then we're basically just doing the
same thing again, reloading the page and
saying hey, this is updated.
So I'm not going to go through
the rest of this with you.
Again, we're hitting
really perfect timing for
what we set out to cover on all of this.
And it's not bad to have a few exercises.
And because you already did this
in WordPress as an actual theme,
it's just redundant to do it
in a separate environment.
But it is a helpful code to have and
a good practice.